
view web version ⇾
 
App Store  App Store
Google Play  Google Play
 
 
Hostelworld.com
 
 
Top Deals & More
 
 
Search Where do you want to go?
Search
Hostelworld—Meet the World
 
Top deal of the day  Top deal of the day
360 Hostel Barcelona
360 Hostel Barcelona
 9.3/10 
This bright, airy hostel is one of the most popular in Barcelona, offering the perfect combination of cheap prices and great facilities like a cinema and bar.
Spain  Barcelona, Spain

FROM €10 ▸

Hostelworld—Meet the World
 
Unbeatable value in top destinations  Best value in top cities
Fifth Hostel
Fifth Hostel
 9.4/10 
Perfectly located for exploring Budapest, this super-friendly and clean hostel has is like a home away from home, with tons of freebies and great facilities.
Hungary  Budapest, Hungary

FROM €8 ▸

Hostelworld—Meet the World
 
Get more from your stay  Get more from your stay
Sleephere	
Sleephere
Belgium  Brussels, Belgium

 9.5/10 
  1,891 Reviews
Enjoy a little Belgian luxury! There's a gorgeous garden terrace, all-you-can-eat breakfast, free fast Wi-Fi and a super welcoming atmosphere.

 BOOK NOW 
Hostelworld—Meet the World
 
Perfectly private rooms  Perfectly private rooms
Ecomama	
Ecomama
NetherlandsK  Amsterdam, The Netherlands

 9.2/10 
  1,816 Reviews
Amsterdam's finest boutique eco-hostel is here, with bike rental, indoor swings, a cinema, organic treats and luxurious private rooms.

 BOOK NOW 
*Double occupancy required

Hostelworld—Meet the World
 
Get the Hostelworld app

Download on the App Store	Get it on Google Play
 
Follow us to Meet the World

Facebook	Twitter	YouTube	Google+	Pinterest	Instagram
 

Terms & Conditions • Privacy & Security Statement • Edit preferences • Unsubscribe

 

© 1999–2016 Hostelworld Limited, One Central Park, Leopardstown, Dublin.

Prices quoted are based on per person sharing, were correct at time of production and are subject to availability.

Add hostelworld@emails.hostelworld.com to your address book to ensure you receive the Hostelworld newsletter.

Emoji art supplied by Emoji One. This email was sent to omrialgazi@hotmail.com by Hostelworld.

 

 

